hey everyone today I'm going to be
talking about guinea pig cages how big
not many people realize that guinea pigs
need a lot of space the minimum cage
size for one to two guinea pigs is 2 by
4 foot but bigger is always better in
for at least 2 by 5 foot for three
guinea pigs and at least 2 by 6 foot 4
for many people believe that guinea pigs
don't need much space because they don't
run around why do I think this because
their cage is too small for them to run
around and why is their cage too small
because people believe that they don't
run around the cycle continues when
guinea pigs are kept in properly sized
cages it allows them to run around
popcorn which is the happy excited jumps
they do and play together which make
their personalities come alive it makes
them happier as they have space to run
around and play and it makes them
healthier because we can get exercise
whenever they need to another great
thing about large cages is that they
allow guinea pigs to get away from each
other whenever they need to this means
that the risk of them fighting is much
lower than if they were kept in a small
cage let's face it it's not going to be
easy living with somebody your whole
life unable to get away from one them
when they were bothering you small cages
are very common cause for fighting
guinea pigs indoors or outdoors it is
common practice to keep guinea pigs
outside however it isn't really the best
thing for them there are a lot of risks
that people do not necessarily think
about when housing their piggies outside
the weather can pose a threat to guinea
pigs living outside hail and now rain
when frightened the guinea pigs strong
wing can actually knock over hatches and
rain can get into the hutch if you
wanted to use a rain cover to protect
them from the rain please do not offer
enough ventilation the ideal temperature
for a guinea pig is between 18 and 26
degrees Celsius but you can't keep
steady temperature outdoors and a
constant temperature either constant
temperature fluctuations are not good
for them heatstroke is a common issue
and often fatal freezing to death is
also an issue that people have
experienced even if it's a warm steady
temperature through the day it often
goes cold at night in many places a
determined wild animal or even a runaway
dog or cat will stop at nothing to get
into a hutch if they're hungry guinea
pigs are easily forgotten out
I'd even if you don't forget them
they're going to be much friendlier if
they're indoors surrounded by humans all
the time so they can get used to you my
old guinea pigs became so much happier
friendlier and healthier when they came
inside type of cage it will be difficult
to find a pet store cage that is large
enough especially if you might have more
than two piggies of course there are
some available in the market but you may
have to look around a bit for a pet
store case you're looking at spending
100 to 200 pounds roughly
pending on the size of the cage hatches
can be used indoors and if you look for
rabbit hutches you should find one big
enough they often have two floors hedges
can be more difficult to clean out and
they will have wood with a small doorway
blocking the hiding part which can take
away from the floor space you may also
have to line the hutch with some plastic
material to stop the urine sinking into
the wood hatches that are large enough
will usually cost 150 to 300 pounds CNC
cage is a customizable cheap cage that
you can buy or make you use coroplast
called Couric's in the UK which is
scored and folded to make the base and
cubes which are wire grids which clip
together with connectors or you attach
them with cable ties these cages can be
made into different shapes to fit your
house you can make them as big as you
want and you can build upper levels a
cage stand and make a lid these cages
can be very cheap in the US but in the
UK you're probably going to be spending
35 to 55 pounds but if you want a really
big cage up to about 95 pounds I think
the best type of case should get is a
CNC cage I've built one on now I'm never
looking back position of cage you should
position your cage in a room that is not
too large but has some human activity
going on inside if there are lots of
people around the cage through the day
then they will become friendlier the
room should not be too cold or too hot
and have a nice steady temperature do
not put the cage by a speaker or next to
a heater ideally the case should be one
or two feet off the ground to keep them
away from drafts but unless your cage is
in the hallway or narrow door this isn't
necessary if the cage is on a stand or a
table it is better for the pigs because
we don't feel so tall and dominating to
them please like comment and subscribe
thank you